# F2. Cycling (Hard Version)

- Time limit : 5 seconds
- Memory limit : 1024 megabytes

## Problem Statement

This is the hard version of the problem. The difference between the versions is that in this version, $1\le n\le 10^6$ and you need to output the answer for each prefix. You can hack only if you solved all versions of this problem.

Leo works as a programmer in the city center, and his lover teaches at a high school in the suburbs. Every weekend, Leo would ride his bike to the suburbs to spend a nice weekend with his lover.

There are $n$ cyclists riding in front of Leo on this road right now. They are numbered $1$, $2$, $\ldots$, $n$ from front to back. Initially, Leo is behind the $n$-th cyclist. The $i$-th cyclist has an agility value $a_i$.

Leo wants to get ahead of the $1$-st cyclist. Leo can take the following actions as many times as he wants:

- Assuming that the first person in front of Leo is cyclist $i$, he can go in front of cyclist $i$ for a cost of $a_i$. This puts him behind cyclist $i - 1$.

- Using his super powers, swap $a_i$ and $a_j$ ($1\le i < j\le n$) for a cost of $(j - i)$.

Leo wants to know the minimum cost to get in front of the $1$-st cyclist.

In addition, he wants to know the answer for each $1\le i \le n$, $[a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_i]$ as the original array. The problems of different $i$ are independent. To be more specific, in the $i$-th problem, Leo starts behind the $i$-th cyclist instead of the $n$-th cyclist, and cyclists numbered $i + 1, i + 2, \ldots, n$ are not present.

## Input

- Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.
- The first line of each test case contains a positive integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^6$), representing the number of the cyclists.
- The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq 10^9$).
- It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

## Output

- For each test case, print $n$ integers, the answers for the array $[a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_i]$ for each $i = 1, 2, \ldots n$ in this order.

## Upsolving

```cpp
```
